Expand definitions in manual (#3)
jagot/AngularMomentumAlgebra.jl: docs/src/definitions.md

CurrentModule = AngularMomentumAlgebra
```

This page defines much of the general notation and conventions used in the code. Where possible,

> the we are consistent with Varshalovich (1988).

Author: ```suggestion
we are consistent with Varshalovich (1988).
```

```math
\bar{Y}^{\ell}_{m}(\theta,\varphi) = (-1)^m Y^{\ell}_{-m}(\theta,\varphi)
```

The spherical harmonics are normalized

```math
\int_{0}^{2\pi} \int_{0}^{\pi}
\bar{Y}^{\ell_1}_{m_1}(\theta,\varphi)
Y^{\ell_2}_{m_2}(\theta,\varphi)
\sin\theta \diff{\theta} \diff{\varphi}
= \delta_{\ell_1 \ell_2} \delta_{m_1 m_2}
\tag{V5.1.6}
```

and the integral of three spherical harmonics is given by

```math
\int_{0}^{2\pi} \int_{0}^{\pi}
Y^{\ell_1}_{m_1}(\theta,\varphi)
Y^{\ell_2}_{m_2}(\theta,\varphi)
Y^{\ell_3}_{m_3}(\theta,\varphi)
\sin\theta \diff{\theta} \diff{\varphi}
\\= \frac{1}{\sqrt{4\pi}} \angroot{\ell_1,\ell_2,\ell_3}
\begin{pmatrix}
\ell_1 & \ell_2 & \ell_3 \\
0      & 0      & 0
\end{pmatrix}
\begin{pmatrix}
\ell_1 & \ell_2 & \ell_3 \\
m_1    & m_2    & m_3
\end{pmatrix}
\tag{V5.9.5}
```

!!! note "Differences from ISO 80000-2:2009"
    The [ISO 80000-2:2009 standard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_80000-2) standardizes
    some mathematical notations and conventions for definitions of some special functions.

    **Index placement convention**
    Unlike the ISO standard, we put the ``\ell`` index on top and ``m`` on the bottom, to be

>     consistent with the way the ``J`` and ``M`` indices are normally written for tensor

Author: ```suggestion
    consistent with the way the ``k`` and ``q`` indices are normally written for tensor
```
